\" Open-MX
\" Copyright © INRIA 2007-2009 (see AUTHORS file)
\"
\" The development of this software has been funded by Myricom, Inc.
\"
\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
\" your option) any later version.
\"
\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\"
\" See the GNU General Public License in COPYING.GPL for more details.
\" General informations on the project

.TH OMX_PREPARE_BINDING 1 "MARCH 2009"

.SH NAME
omx_prepare_binding \- generate a binding file from interrupt and interface affinities
to be used by Open-MX processes when multiqueue Ethernet drivers are used

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B omx_prepare_binding [ options ] [ filename ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B omx_prepare_binding
tries to gather interface and interrupt affinities from multiqueue
Ethernet drivers, and generate a binding file.
When OMX_PROCESS_BINDING is set in the environment, each Open-MX
process opening an endpoint will read this file and bind onto the best
cores according to these affinities.

If the optional
.B <filename>
is given, bindings are generated in the corresponding file instead of
the default
.BR /tmp/open-mx.bindings.dat .
It is then possible to use this custom file by passing
.B OMX_PROCESS_BINDING=<filename>
in the environment of the communicating processes.

Binding information is gathered from multiqueue drivers
by parsing the names of their interrupt lines.
If multiple interrupts
.RI ( slices )
are discovered, the program tries to recognize their number
and find the corresponding core affinities.
It then generates a binding line associating some Open-MX
endpoint numbers to an interrupt and its affinity mask.
For instance, to bind endpoint number
.B 10
of local board with MAC address
.B 01:23:45:67:89:ab
to cores
.BR #6 " or " #7 :
.RS
  board 01:23:45:67:89:ab ep 10 irq 1265 mask 000000c0
.RE

If
.B omx_prepare_binding
does not recognize slice numbers or cannot find information reliably,
it outputs an empty binding file.
It is still possible to manually fill the binding file.
But it is recommended to contact the Open-MX development team in case
some custom support for recognizing interrupt information for your driver
is needed.

.B omx_prepare_binding
should run with privileged access since it must read
interrupt affinities from
.BR /proc/irq/*/smp_affinity .

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -v
Display verbose messages.

.TP
.B -h
Display a brief help message.

.SH SEE ALSO
omx_info(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Brice Goglin
