\" Open-MX
\" Copyright © INRIA 2007-2009 (see AUTHORS file)
\"
\" The development of this software has been funded by Myricom, Inc.
\"
\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
\" your option) any later version.
\"
\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\"
\" See the GNU General Public License in COPYING.GPL for more details.
\" General informations on the project

.TH OMX_INIT_PEERS 1 "MARCH 2009"

.SH NAME
omx_init_peers \- manipulate the peer table in the driver

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B omx_init_peers [ options ]

.B omx_init_peers [ options ] filename

.B omx_init_peers [ options ] address hostname

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B omx_init_peers
modifies the table of known peers in the driver by adding,
replacing or clearing entries.

The first form (without argument) applies options without adding any
peer. The second form adds peers from the given
.B filename
into the driver.
The third form adds a single peer using the given
.BR address " and " hostname .

When using the second form, the given file should contain
one line per peer, with a MAC address followed by a hostname.
For instance:
.RS
01:23:45:67:89:AB mypeername
.RE

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B -c
Clear all existing peers before adding the new ones if given.
This option requires privileged access.

.TP
.B -a
Append peers to the existing ones if given (default).
This option requires privileged access.

.TP
.B -d
Mark the peer table configuration as done, as reported
by
.BR omx_info .
This option requires privileged access.

.TP
.B -v
Enable verbose messages.

.TP
.B -h
Display a brief help message.

.SH SEE ALSO
omx_info(1), omx_hostname(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Brice Goglin
