\" Open-MX
\" Copyright © inria 2007-2009 (see AUTHORS file)
\"
\" The development of this software has been funded by Myricom, Inc.
\"
\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
\" your option) any later version.
\"
\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\"
\" See the GNU General Public License in COPYING.GPL for more details.
\" General informations on the project

.TH OMX_COUNTERS 1 "MARCH 2009"

.SH NAME
omx_counters \- display and clear Open-MX counters

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B omx_counters [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B omx_counters
displays counters about the currently running Open-MX driver.
It lists all counter values on the given interface
(the first interface by default).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a
Report counters for all interfaces (default).

.TP
.B -b <board number>
Only report counters for the interface given by
.B <board number>
instead of all interfaces.

.TP
.B -s
Use the virtual shared communication interface
(used for communication between local processes)
instead of a regular network interface.

.TP
.B -c
Clear counter values for the given interface
in the driver after displaying them.
This option requires privileged access.

.TP
.B -q
Only display counters whose value is non-null (default).

.TP
.B -v
Display all counters, even those whose value is null.

.TP
.B -h
Display a brief help message.

.SH SEE ALSO
omx_info(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Brice Goglin
